so the wasting your time at work is dependent on what your responsibilities
are, which is probably pretty obvious. But he also depends on
what point in your career you're at. So if you're a junior officer,
especially in the aviation community, your main focus should be learning
how to fly aircraft. And all of this is sort of related to how
you should treat your career. In my opinion, uh, as a junior officer,
your primary job is to learn how to fly your aircraft. Imagine in
other communities that may be the same, I was told by my very first
operational commanding officer, You could be one of three things. Of
course, you could be more than one of three things, but these are the
three things he laid out. He'd be a great aviator, which is good.
You have to be a good aviator in order to progress. You could be a
good ground officer, and that is important, too. But when you start
looking for jobs after your first junior officer tour, no one's going
to say he was a great ground officer. The third thing is, you could
be a good aviator and a good ground officer, which is probably a pretty
good objective because then people know that you're virtually
can do different things. But you're also good in the aircraft, and being
in the good in the aircraft establishes a reputation. So in a long
winded sort of way, the priory of your time at work as a junior
officer should be spent learning how to fly aircraft and focusing on
how to do your ground job. Well, at the same time as you proceed in
your career, your priorities are different. You probably spend more
time behind a desk as you doing paperwork. As you get further along,
however, you also start having to think about how the people working
for you are doing. And that's both officer and enlisted as a junior
officer. Your while you have responsibilities to enlisted people,
people that are working for you, you most assuredly arm or self focused,
I would say, but that becomes less and less of ah likelihood as
you proceed in your career on by the time you become a department
head and it doesn't matter what type of department head you are, whether
you're in the service community or submarine community or aviation
community. You're really thinking about how the people below you
are doing both. And that has taken two ways. How, where, how well are
they performing at their job and just how well they're doing as human
beings, because he's poor to realize that they can be great at
their job. But if they're, if they're having trouble either at home
or they're getting trouble outside of work, you're gonna have to deal
with that, too. So it is important to realize that at work you'll
have a lot of different demands on your time, and those demands will
change as you progress to your career.